README.md, before:

# KEA System Integration - Mandatory Assignment 1
_Winter Semester 2020/2021_ 

_Author: Leonard Pahlke_


The purpose of this assignment is to showcase different scenarios and integration techniques in a way that contributes 
to the creation of a solution that incorporates file-based integration, shared databases as well as RPC (web services 
and RESTful APIs) integration patterns.

## System Diagram
![System Diagram](./assets/SI-Mandatory1-SystemDiagram%202020-09-30%20at%2011.02.48.png)

## Getting Started

1. **Install**
    1. install python3.8
    2. setup local environment run `source install.bash`
2. **Start API's**
    1. `uvicorn nemid_user_generator:app --reload --port 8088`
    2. `uvicorn nemid_password_generator:app --reload --port 8089`
    3. `uvicorn nemid_code_generator:app --reload --port 8090`
3. **Access API Documentations**
    1. [localhost:8088, NemId user generator](http://localhost:8088/docs)
    2. [localhost:8088, NemId password generator](http://localhost:8089/docs)
    3. [localhost:8088, NemId code generator](http://localhost:8090/docs)  

_execute scripts within the terminal from the project root folder. When using uvicorn the python virtual environment need to be activated_

## Mandatory 1 - Module descriptions

### NemID Password Generator
1. Will receive a POST request to http://localhost:8089/generate-password-nemID with body:
```json
{
"cpr": "cpr_number",
"nemId": "random_5_digit_number-Last_4_digits_of_cpr"
}
```
2. Will send a JSON response (status 200):
```json
{
"nemIdPassword": "first 2 digits of nemId and last 2 digits of the cpr"
}
```

### NemID Code Generator
1. Will receive a POST request at http://localhost:8090/nemid-auth with JSON body
```json
{
"nemIdCode": "code of four digits",
"nemId": "generated 9 digit nemId"
}
```
2. Check against the data from the database. If it matches this will return a JSON body with status code 200. Otherwise it will return a 403 (forbidden):
```json
{
"generatedCode": "random 6 digits code"
}
```

### NemID User Generator
1. Will receive a POST request to http://localhost:8088/generate-nemID with body:
```json
{
"cpr": "some 10 digit CPR",
"email": "some@email.com"
}
```
2. Will return a JSON response (status 201):
```json
{
"nemId": "random_5_digit_number-Last_4_digits_of_cpr"
}
```

Commit message:

added legacy centeal system file

README.md, after:

# KEA System Integration - Mandatory Assignment 1
_Winter Semester 2020/2021_ 

_Author: Leonard Pahlke_


The purpose of this assignment is to showcase different scenarios and integration techniques in a way that contributes 
to the creation of a solution that incorporates file-based integration, shared databases as well as RPC (web services 
and RESTful APIs) integration patterns.

## System Diagram
![System Diagram](./assets/SI-Mandatory1-SystemDiagram%202020-09-30%20at%2011.02.48.png)

## Getting Started

1. **Install**
    1. install python3.8
    2. setup local environment run `source install.bash`
2. **Start API's**
    1. `uvicorn nemid_user_generator:app --reload --port 8088`
    2. `uvicorn nemid_password_generator:app --reload --port 8089`
    3. `uvicorn nemid_code_generator:app --reload --port 8090`
3. **Access API Documentations**
    1. [localhost:8088, NemId-user-generator](http://localhost:8088/docs)
    2. [localhost:8089, NemId-password-generator](http://localhost:8089/docs)
    3. [localhost:8090, NemId-code-generator](http://localhost:8090/docs)  

_execute scripts within the terminal from the project root folder. When using uvicorn the python virtual environment need to be activated_

## Mandatory 1 - Module descriptions

### NemID Password Generator
1. Will receive a POST request to http://localhost:8089/generate-password-nemID with body:
```json
{
"cpr": "cpr_number",
"nemId": "random_5_digit_number-Last_4_digits_of_cpr"
}
```
2. Will send a JSON response (status 200):
```json
{
"nemIdPassword": "first 2 digits of nemId and last 2 digits of the cpr"
}
```

### NemID Code Generator
1. Will receive a POST request at http://localhost:8090/nemid-auth with JSON body
```json
{
"nemIdCode": "code of four digits",
"nemId": "generated 9 digit nemId"
}
```
2. Check against the data from the database. If it matches this will return a JSON body with status code 200. Otherwise it will return a 403 (forbidden):
```json
{
"generatedCode": "random 6 digits code"
}
```

### NemID User Generator
1. Will receive a POST request to http://localhost:8088/generate-nemID with body:
```json
{
"cpr": "some 10 digit CPR",
"email": "some@email.com"
}
```
2. Will return a JSON response (status 201):
```json
{
"nemId": "random_5_digit_number-Last_4_digits_of_cpr"
}
```

### Legacy Central System
1. The system must read the people.csv file
2. For each person that is found in the file it will:
    1. Generate a CPR similarly to how a normal CPR looks: ddMMyyy-[random-4-digits] 
    2. Build an xml body that contains the firstname, lastname and CPR number
   ```XML
   <?xml version="1.0" ?>
   <Person>
     <FirstName>Jon</FirstName>
     <LastName>Doe</LastName>
     <CprNumber>1234567890</CprNumber>
     <Email>dummy@example.com</Email>
   </Person>
   ```
    3. Send a POST request to http://localhost:8080/nemID with the XML as a body 
    4. The NemID system will return a JSON body:
   `{"nemID": "some 9 digit nemID"}`
    5. An msgpack file will be created with the name [CPR]. msgpack which will contain f_name, l_name, birth_date[DD-MM-YYYY], email, country, phone, address, CPR and NemID number. 
    I suggest you make a JSON object and then serialize it.
